README.md, before:

# CodeSync
### ⚠️ Site Not responsive for all screen, May you need Zoom out with chrome, We are working on it  🛑
<a href="https://www.producthunt.com/posts/codesync?utm_source=badge-featured&utm_medium=badge&utm_souce=badge-codesync" target="_blank"><img src="https://api.producthunt.com/widgets/embed-image/v1/featured.svg?post_id=320629&theme=light" alt="CodeSync - Collaborative cloud platform for students & teachers | Product Hunt" style="width: 250px; height: 54px;" width="250" height="54" /></a>

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Code-Deeper/code-sync)](#issues)
[![forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Code-Deeper/code-sync)](#forks)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Code-Deeper/code-sync)](#license)
<!-- https://github.com/Code-Deeper/code-sync/blob/main -->
[![Watch the video](https://github.com/Code-Deeper/media-repo/blob/main/CODESYNC.lIVE%20(1).png)](https://youtu.be/5IUfY_Pqj_s)
<p align="center" width="400px"> <font size="9"> <b>👨🏾‍💻 A Cloud Collebrative Platform 🧑‍🏫 </b></font></p>

CodeSync is a Cloud Collaborative Platform for Competitive programmers, Educators & who like to code with friends. CodeSync Provide  Collebrative Code-Editor,
Real-Time Audio Communication, Collaborative Drawing board for  explain idea, Collaborative text-editor for taking notes, Real-Time chat box for chatting 
with other room members & Many more things with smooth and attractive UI.
 
 ## Tech Stack 🗃
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/webRTC-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&color=red"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101" >   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white"> ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
  
  
<!--  <br /> -->
 
## How to Setup Project In Local ? 🧑🏽‍💻
  - For Local Installation & Contribute , You can refer [Contribute.md](https://github.com/Code-Deeper/code-sync/blob/main/CONTRIBUTE.md)

## Features 📈
- [x] Collebrative Room Create & Join
- [x] Collebrative Code-Editor
- [x] Collebrative White-Board
- [x] Real Time Audio Communcation  
- [x] Real Time Chat Messaging
- [x] Collebrative Text-editor
- [x] Compiler Programe
- [x] Invitation On Email
- [ ] Restricted user for enter room
- [ ] Add load balancer
- [x] Template added when change language
<!--  <br/> -->
## Project Management
  - For Project Management we used Github Project section it self. You can watch [here](https://github.com/Code-Deeper/code-sync/projects/1)
  - For Any Query / Improvement You can mail on ```work.vivekjaviya@gmail.com```.

## License & copyright
 - © 2021, Code-Deeper
 - Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Modification In Image Tour (#114)
* Update Readme.md

* Create imageTour.md

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

# CodeSync
### ⚠️ Site Not responsive for all screen, May you need Zoom out with chrome, We are working on it  🛑
<a href="https://www.producthunt.com/posts/codesync?utm_source=badge-featured&utm_medium=badge&utm_souce=badge-codesync" target="_blank"><img src="https://api.producthunt.com/widgets/embed-image/v1/featured.svg?post_id=320629&theme=light" alt="CodeSync - Collaborative cloud platform for students & teachers | Product Hunt" style="width: 250px; height: 54px;" width="250" height="54" /></a>

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Code-Deeper/code-sync)](#issues)
[![forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Code-Deeper/code-sync)](#forks)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Code-Deeper/code-sync)](#license)
<!-- https://github.com/Code-Deeper/code-sync/blob/main -->
[![Watch the video](https://github.com/Code-Deeper/media-repo/blob/main/CODESYNC.lIVE%20(1).png)](https://youtu.be/5IUfY_Pqj_s)
<p align="center" width="400px"> <font size="9"> <b>👨🏾‍💻 A Cloud Collebrative Platform 🧑‍🏫 </b></font></p>

CodeSync is a Cloud Collaborative Platform for Competitive programmers, Educators & who like to code with friends. CodeSync Provide  Collebrative Code-Editor,
Real-Time Audio Communication, Collaborative Drawing board for  explain idea, Collaborative text-editor for taking notes, Real-Time chat box for chatting 
with other room members & Many more things with smooth and attractive UI.
 
 ## Tech Stack 🗃
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/webRTC-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&color=red"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101" >   <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white"> ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
  
  
<!--  <br /> -->
 
## How to Setup Project In Local ? 🧑🏽‍💻
  - For Local Installation & Contribute , You can refer [Contribute.md](https://github.com/Code-Deeper/code-sync/blob/main/CONTRIBUTE.md)

## Features 📈
- [x] Collebrative Room Create & Join
- [x] Collebrative Code-Editor
- [x] Collebrative White-Board
- [x] Real Time Audio Communcation  
- [x] Real Time Chat Messaging
- [x] Collebrative Text-editor
- [x] Compiler Programe
- [x] Invitation On Email
- [ ] Restricted user for enter room
- [ ] Add load balancer
- [x] Template added when change language
<!--  <br/> -->
## Project Management
  - For Any Query / Improvement You can mail on ```work.vivekjaviya@gmail.com```.
## Image Tour
  - You can see Image Tour [here](https://github.com/Code-Deeper/code-sync/blob/main/imageTour.md)
 
## License & copyright
 - © 2021, Code-Deeper
 - Licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
